In the day's other news: Federal
Reserve Board Chair Janet
Yellen affirmed that short-term
interest rates are likely to
rise again in the coming months.
But she also left the door
open to changing those plans.
Yellen told a congressional
hearing that a recent slowdown
in inflation might make the
Central Bank recalculate.
JANET YELLEN, Federal Reserve
Chair: Monetary policy is
not on a preset course.
We're watching this
very closely, and stand
ready to adjust our
policy if it appears that
the inflation undershoot
will be persistent.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Separately,
Yellen said the Fed could begin
to unload its massive bond
holdings this year.
It bought government bonds
during and after the recession
in order to lower long-term
interest rates and to
boost economic activity.
Wall Street took heart
from Yellen's talk of
going slow on rate hikes.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained 123
points to close at 21532.
That's a new record.
The Nasdaq rose nearly
68 points, and the
S&P 500 added 17.
One of Brazil's former
presidents, Luiz Inacio
Lula da Silva, was convicted
today in a sweeping
corruption probe.
A judge sentenced him
to 9.5 years in prison,
but for now he remains
free, pending his appeal.
Silva served as president from
2003 to 2010, and is still
widely admired in Brazil.
In Saudi Arabia today, U.S.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
held talks, but made no apparent
progress in ending a
boycott of another Persian
Gulf nation, Qatar.
Tillerson met with King Salman,
and later the Saudi crown
prince, in the city of Jiddah.
Later, he flew to Kuwait, and
returns to Qatar tomorrow.
The Saudis and other Arab
states have accused Qatar
of financing terrorism.
In Turkey, President Recep
Tayyip Erdogan has rejected
any talk of lifting a state of
emergency.
He imposed it last July
after rogue soldiers
tried to overthrow the
government, killing
more than 240 people.
Erdogan visited graves of the
victims yesterday, and he told
international investors meeting
in Ankara today that disloyal
elements are still at large.
RECEP TAYYIP ERDOGAN, Turkish
President (through translator):
What are we supposed to do with
all this happening?
They say lift the
state of emergency.
This won't happen.
I had an interview
with an international
media organization.
They asked if the state
of emergency will finish.
It will finish when this
business is completely
out of the way.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Erdogan's
opponents say that he has used
emergency rule to quash dissent.
There is word that Chinese
political dissident and Nobel
peace laureate Liu Xiaobo is now
in critical condition.
A hospital in Shenyang,
reported today he is suffering
multiple organ failure.
Liu has late-stage liver cancer.
He was released from prison on
medical leave just last month.
Back in this country, the Royal
Bank of Scotland has agreed on a
settlement with U.S. regulators,
and will pay $5.5 billion.
It involves claims that the
bank sold billions of dollars of
toxic mortgage-backed securities
before the 2008
financial meltdown.
And President Trump lost
his nominee today to
lead the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation.
James Clinger cited
family-related obligations
that had prompted him
to leave government
service earlier this year.
He said that they have grown
more challenging in the interim.